Pretty cold out, huh, Senpai?
I mean, it is December.
You're awfully low-key today.
It's so chilly;
did you catch a cold or something?
No, no, I'm fine--just fine!
It's just... um...
We've been hanging out
so much, you and me,
but this is the first Christmas
we've spent together.
Yeah. It is.
Uzaki...
Sen... pai...
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 1:
Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out, All Right!"
Man, it's still so hot...
Hey, Uzaki. Haven't seen you
since we got back from break.
What's wrong?
You're giving off this whole haunted vibe.
Summer break just ended so suddenly...
It wasn't sudden at all.
It's been days since he went away,
"Summer"
but sometimes I feel like there's
this gaping hole in my chest...
You're personifying summer now?
I guess you get hyped for it, too.
Sak's not here yet, eh?
Ooh, is that what's behind all this?
Well, Sak ought to be here any minute now.
Why don't you make plans
to hang out somewhere?
You don't only hang out
during the summer, do you?
It doesn't have to be summer.
We can hang out whenever.
We'll always be together.
Yeah--you're right.
That's a little better.
You two sure are friendly, though, huh?
Ever since high school, right?
Oh, we weren't that close at first.
No?
Have you seen that mean old mug of his?
I pegged him for some kind of hoodlum!
Scared me silly.
Sak'd be sore if he heard you say that.
Nah: She'd say it even with him around.
I talked with
Ami about this earlier, but...
...my first impression
of him was the pits.
Wait, what? This is news to me!
Asai's so mean--she
doesn't tell me anything!
Sucker!
So was there something
that sparked your friendship?
Something... in particular?
Must've been something.
An event that made your
scary senpai not so scary after all.
An event? Well, probably...
Stay calm. Relax your body.
Maintain correct form as you
slice through the water.
Oh, um, right!
You're almost there. Keep it up.
So yeah--a few things.
Oho...
Go on.
You know, his eyes may be fierce,
but he's a real accommodating person.
I mean, once I realized
that was just how he was,
it's like we could start talking normally,
and I could ask him for
swim lessons, no problem.
Yo.
Hey, Sak!
You're late, Senpai!
What were you doing, Senpai?
Did you oversleep, Senpai?
Still fighting the
summer-break lazies, eh,
Senpai?
Cut that out!
Dammit! It's too early to be this noisy!
We don't even have first hour today!
Amazing. Talking about
Sak snapped her right out of it.
I guess that's where they're at.
Just date already.
Hey, you two.
If you're still pining for summer
and need to hang out more,
how about this?
She's the only one pining for summer.
"Anybody, Anytime! One Free Game!!"
Bowling?
I don't know about Uzaki,
but Sak, all you did apart
from work was play games, right?
Oh, no way! Senpai is
super sucky at bowling!
It is hilarious!
He just kinda heaves
the ball toward the pins!
A precision sport like
bowling is way beyond him!
But this guy is dense in so very
many ways--what can you do?
So can I assume you're going?
Yeah. Thanks.
Here you go.
Thank you. One moment, please.
Is it that bad?
You've been warned.
Wanna make it interesting?
Like, last place has
to do as they're told!
Count me out.
You and Sak have fun with that.
Okay, you're all set!
Head on over to lane 12.
All right--here we go!
Win or lose, no hard feelings, Senpai.
Now, what'll I have you do once I win?
Yeah, yeah, keep on talking.
You're so chill today, Sak.
Getting all riled up
just plays into Uzaki's hands.
She's intent on seeing me flustered.
I see. So this really boils down to
Uzaki throwing you off your game
or you maintaining your cool.
What do you two usually do together?
All these off-the-board tactics...
Tell me about it.
I've been practically paralyzed lately.
Well, in any case...
losing my cool is exactly what she wants.
I just have to let it roll right off m--
"Hana"
"Punk"
"Hunk"
Dammit, Uzaki!
The battle was already underway...
Okay! I throw first!
Oh, man! Two pins standing!
She's only average.
And she was so sure of herself, too.
There's not that big
a difference between us.
"Hana"
"Punk"
"Hunk"
C'mon, Senpai, you're next.
Let's get this show on the road!
Yeah, yeah.
You're doing a fine job bluffing, Sensei,
but it won't take much for
that calm veneer to chip right off.
Again with the psychological warfare...
Whoa! A strike!
I haven't particularly
put on a calm veneer.
I practiced a little on my own
but didn't see much improvement.
That?
That was me putting all the anger
you riled up in me into one throw!
This is beyond lame.
So it's your usual
forceful throw, but more so.
It does require luck, but it might
be better than aiming poorly.
It... It can't be...
Now what? The more you piss him off,
the more powerful he gets.
Senpai...
You're such a loner that you
even go bowling by yourself?
That's just too pitiful!
That's the problem?!
Shut up! And don't go there!
Well? Now he's agitated enough to
let loose an even more powerful throw.
Get 'em, Senpai!
There we go. I was only cheering him on.
Th-That was dirty!
It's all right.
If he's taking the power angle,
I'll just use
underhanded tricks to spoil it.
I wish you wouldn't say that
with such a sweet smile.
A-choo!
"Icy Cold" "Icy Cold" "Piping Hot"
"Choco-Mint Oden Stew"
And the winner is... Sakurai.
That was one tough battle.
Maybe you should have focused
on your game instead of on sabotage.
It's fine, Itsuhito. She's used to it.
Your everyday routine
is really weird, you guys.
Now, then:
Seems to me the loser has
to do anything the winner says.
I-I didn't say anything.
You going for it? Some lewd command?
I am not.
Ugh! You are hopeless!
Say, how about one more game?
Yeah, sure.
Aren't you confident.
This time I'll win
and tell you what to do.
Dummy. Like I'd lose to someone
whose only strategy is obstruction.
Why are you only ever
this combative with each other?
One-upping Senpai is what
makes my life worth living.
And Uzaki is the last person
I want to lose to!
Oh, now you've done it!
Uzaki and Sakurai:
Having witnessed a territory
no outsider could enter,
Sakaki took a step back.
But be that as it may...
Tell her to do something lewd!
...thought Sakaki.
"Asia Café"
Well, I'm off to the
neighborhood association.
And we're closing for the day, as planned.
I got it, okay? Off you go!
"Closed"
Truth is, I haven't told those
two we were closed today.
I've been waiting quietly for
this day when Dad would be out.
Yes, indeed... ever since that night.
That night--that's when the fire was lit.
These feelings have been consuming me,
and I can't hold back any longer!
I want to make Hana
work in a sexy uniform!
This all-black uniform
is just too classic.
By overhauling the visual component,
we'll pull in customers and boost sales.
And I know just the thing for Sakurai:
an outfit that'll drive the aunties wild!
Well, actually... I want to see it!
If I have to work, I'd rather
look at something beautiful.
I doubt Dad will allow it,
but if I can get those two on my side,
or perhaps...
You made a mean fried egg this morning.
You really can't cook a thing, can you?
Oh, hi, Ami!
Hey. Say, where's the owner?
He's stepped out for a moment.
Oh, and I know this is out of the blue,
but would you be interested
in new uniforms?
That is out of the blue.
Are you changing them up?
No, it's just an idea so far.
I actually already have a few here!
Try them on and tell me what you think!
What, like right now?
For something in the idea stage,
you're awfully well prepared.
W-We can't do try-ons
when customers are around!
C'mon, c'mon--get to it!
--Wh-Whoa there!
--W-Wait a sec!
"Closed"
I love it, Hana! So sexy!
I wish you would make
your praise a little less direct.
This seems like it'd be
hard to work in, though.
I do have to bend over sometimes.
She's pretty level-headed about this.
Well, how about this next one?
Outstanding...
That's the only word for it.
How do I put this?
You're creepy today, Ami.
I don't care if I'm creepy
if I get to see this!
But this one would be
even harder to work in.
And it doesn't fit the
vibe of the place, either.
Feels like it's catering
to certain tastes.
Crazy that the owner'd allow this.
Please show me what's
in these other shopping bags.
Why so distant?!
No! Wait! I want to savor
them one by one--in order!
"Uzaki"
What the heck is all this?!
As if I could get any work done
in uniforms like these!
Is this another bunny girl outfit?!
I wanted to see you wear it again!
I knew it! This is all your deal,
and you're taking advantage of
the owner being away to go hog wild!
--I sure am!
--You got defiant fast!
At this rate, Senpai must have...
'Scuse me, Ami...
The only thing in this bag
was a pair of leather hotpants.
See?! I knew it'd be something like that!
What on earth were you thinking, Ami?
In what world do café
employees wear this stuff?!
If they don't in this one,
my café ought to be the vanguard!
Stop that! No visual aids!
Why can't there be
one lousy café in this world
where you can gaze upon
men's nipples as you work?!
Dude. No.
Why not? Hana, you saw them
every day in high school, didn't you?
Nipples! No fair! No fair!
--I want nipples!
--Stop saying "nipples"!
Besides, that was for a club.
It is too fair!
Nuh-uh! I wanna see 'em!
The sexy outfits--and the nipples, too!
Wow.
Now she's throwing a tantrum.
And she's the oldest one here.
Um...
Mom!
Are you closed today?
Oh, Hana!
Don't you look cute.
Mom!
--Sorry?
--That's my mother!
This is terribly sudden,
but do you want a job?
S-Sorry?!
And wear one of those!
I-I could never!
She's not even trying
to hide what she wants.
She's gone beyond shameless.
Of course you could!
Why, I've had my eye on you!
Is she confessing her crush or what?
I-If you don't like frills,
we can--I--oh--wh-white!
Yes, a plain white T-shirt would be fine!
Over a swimsuit! No! Forget the swimsuit!
You'd wear a white T-shirt, wouldn't you?!
And I'll put kind of a high stage
in the middle of the café,
and I'll have you two stand on that!
--Uh-huh, uh-huh.
--And then!
And then?
I'll use this squirt gun, see?
A squirt gun--yes?
Why the outfit, Ami?
I-I've been thinking about
the future of this café...
I guess she's not big on wearing
an embarrassing outfit herself.
You're staring, Senpai.
I am not either!
You can't fall asleep yet, Senpai!
One more round! One more!
You want to quit now--as a loser?
"Senpai"
Look, it's two in the morning.
Just one more round--that's all!
Are you listening?
Hey! Senpai!
"Senpai"
Hey! Did you fall asleep?!
I can't beat this guy
all by myself, y'know!
Coward!
Wake up, you chicken!
Hana! Do you have
any idea what time it is?
Hang on a sec, Mom!
I'm gonna save, okay?
So hands off that plug--
Yoink!
You sure are sleepy today.
It's Uzaki. These past few nights...
I keep saying we should
go to sleep already,
but she's all "One more round! One more!"
I know what it sounds like,
but they're up late playing games, right?
Bet on it.
Want to nap till second hour?
I'll wake you up.
Please.
And that's when Ito's boyfriend...
Whoa, seriously?
C'mon, don't say it...
Hey, Hana! We saved you a seat.
Oh, thanks.
The villain has landed.
She hasn't seen you yet. Snooze away.
But you have a boyfriend. I'm so jealous!
Don't be. It's so tiring--a lot of work!
It sounds like bragging when
you say it with a face like that!
Boyfriends, ha! What a hassle.
But you have one, too, don't you?
You know: You're always
going home together.
Tall guy--kind of scary.
I've seen you be really
friendly together, tons of times.
See? I told you that's
how you two come across.
Lucky him.
With all this girl talk,
Uzaki might let her true feelings slip.
Oh, him? He's not like that.
I just hang out with him--as a favor.
A-As a favor?
I mean, he is so gloomy!
Not a lot of friends, always on his own...
But I can't let that go--he
was my high-school senpai.
I just have give him
some attention, poor thing!
Is she serious?
So actually, I have no choice.
Really?
Yeah, really. He's a handful!
Oh, he's hearing this. For sure.
Honestly. Just saying
whatever works for her...
Damn.
My sleepiness came back
after eating lunch.
I never did get any
sleep during all that...
I'm just going to
sleep off my indignation.
I knew you were over here!
Senpai, Senpai!
Wow, you really can sleep anywhere, huh?
That's a sloppy,
thick-skinned guy for you.
I guess I've been keeping him up
late these past few days.
Ah, well. We have fourth hour together;
I'll just wait here till he wakes up.
Ha. Delete, delete...
Is this where Hana's been--sleeping?
Fourth hour is about to begin!
Those two, I tell ya.
No matter how much
they themselves deny it...
That thing about them not dating?
It had to be a lie.
Totally.
...they're thoroughly unconvincing.
Now, which one would be
funnier to wake up first?
"Next Time"
"Episode 2: I Want to Make
Udon After We Hang Out!"